feat(rest_api): custom client for specific resources (#2082)
dlt-hub/dlt: docs/website/docs/dlt-ecosystem/verified-sources/rest_api/basic.md

- `include_from_parent`: A list of fields from the parent resource to be included in the resource output. See the [resource relationships](#include-fields-from-the-parent-resource) section for more details.
- `processing_steps`: A list of [processing steps](#processing-steps-filter-and-transform-data) to filter and transform the data.
- `selected`: A flag to indicate if the resource is selected for loading. This could be useful when you want to load data only from child resources and not from the parent resource.

> - `auth`: An optional `AuthConfig` instance. If passed, is used over the one defined in the [dlt resource](../../../general-usage/resource.md) definition. Example:

Reviewer: I think it should be `client` not, resource, e.g.:
```suggestion
- `auth`: An optional `AuthConfig` instance. If passed, is used over the one defined in the [client](#client) definition. Example:
```
